got dolphins and dugongs together here
oh you are wide looking for clues as to
when puck might give birth janet lowers
a special microphone into the water
whistle I thought I heard her whistle
there something extraordinary is
happening Parc uses her unique cool to
identify herself to other dolphins yet
strangely there are no other dolphins
around Janet believes puck is calling to
her unborn calf if she's right
it's an astonishing discovery she's
basically advertising to the taps I'm
your mom I'm your mom
hear me hear me and hopefully the baby
then knows where to go after it's born
only caused the her unborn calf
when she's alone
Janet suspects this happens in the week
before the calf is born she thinks the
birth is imminent
you